hello everyone, comets channel alex
today we will talk to you about
a completely new doll for me
bullet I think you all heard of them her
name bonita
But these are mini bullets with her.
tall dolls and she's so small
transparent box on the front of the inscription
the bullet is up here there is a bonita and
name and play incorporation
Kim openwork pattern on the back of the whole
in English and in Japanese and Chinese
here is something of this very interesting
such a box as well, we can
see what's in the box
stand
hat and the doll itself let's open
let's see what
what he say is very high quality and
dropped even man's buckles can
envy and and the quality is really
done for glory though on
polyp name I did not put it on this one
podstavochku because I want you for
I started to tell about the stand footboard
we see all this asterisk
the most interesting thing is taken here
this is this holder this is regulated
Here we unscrew and can regulate
up and down and fasten it no longer
the stand itself is moving green
such a transparent gentle very beautiful
now let's go to the pupa itself
Yes, just a smart doll with her
magnificent hair of such quality
hair and no he is not one man they are haircuts
such an eggplant in color can on
saw how not to be seen but i'm talking
as it is live not very beautiful eyes
false eyes big black pupils and
lilac eyes themselves here are the cilia of her
you can touch
gentle lips such gently gently pink
transparent not even pink and not some
so tender eggplant new color as under
hair but in general on the hair goes here
such a reticulum, I think its basically
you can pull it on your head or
just here so here somehow
tie under the hair but for the video I
now with him
so you can see the beauty of this hair
beautiful they are very pleasant to the touch
here are two strands that are not hidden
here they are so lay apparently in
watch box is so cute
two tails are beautiful here choco smooth
very beautiful since it is mini bullets
on her feet if they are not articulated handle
moving alone up and down just
as well as legs and panning goes instead
real shoes with legs and instead
these gloves on the handles gently
Lilac color dress is very
high-quality tailoring gently lilac
satin top and skirt here such here
black mesh and down here such ryushechki
also black in search
black rosette semantic well here too
the black rate
the nets are very beautiful doll
now let's see ourselves so
put on a hat not here that's how she
then I'll tie her a hat and
photo you can see a hat at the end
made also very high quality
I don't know what's inside really
like a real hat i mean i take off that
there the cardboard here is definitely not cardboard
made of black satin ribbon here
here is sheathed such as frilly dress
she is the cap goes about such a black
bow of such black shiny ribbons and
here is a gentle pink tender purple
satin ribbon thin and here are three
beads, too, black mesh is very beautiful
a hat
Well, the mesh on the hair that is two
tails here are cows
Thank you all for your attention with you
channel to metallics see you soon